README.md, before:

# Domains-Viewer

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DarkJaslo/Domains-Viewer/master/img/img1.PNG" alt="image 1" title = "A game " width="70%" height="70%">

<p> 

Welcome! This is the first desktop app I made to watch [Domains](https://github.com/DarkJaslo/Domains) games.

It is quite simple: use the Domains standard output as this program's input (in many consoles, redirecting the input using a .txt file does the work). You can start by trying the <tt>sample_result.txt</tt> included in this repository.

It is a Qt application that uses OpenGL graphics to render the game. Quite the overkill, but funnily enough, it was by far the easiest option for me.

## User guide:

-left and right arrows can be used to go a round up or down. This requires being focused on the window, you may need to click on it once

-spacebar can pause or resume the autoplay mode

-the slider allows moving quickly between rounds
</p>

## Build instructions

This is a Qt Application, so compiling will need both <tt>qmake</tt> and <tt>make</tt>. A release will not be out soon, but a web page that does pretty much the same as this app will. If you do not want to fight with Qt and building this, wait for it!

Commit message:

Talks about the web viewer It was in the Domains repo, but not here

README.md, after:

# Domains-Viewer

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DarkJaslo/Domains-Viewer/master/img/img1.PNG" alt="image 1" title = "A game " width="70%" height="70%">

<p> 

Welcome! This is the first desktop app I made to watch [Domains](https://github.com/DarkJaslo/Domains) games.

It is quite simple: use the Domains standard output as this program's input (in many consoles, redirecting the input using a .txt file does the work). You can start by trying the <tt>sample_result.txt</tt> included in this repository.

It is a Qt application that uses OpenGL graphics to render the game. Quite the overkill, but funnily enough, it was by far the easiest option for me.

## User guide:

-left and right arrows can be used to go a round up or down. This requires being focused on the window, you may need to click on it once

-spacebar can pause or resume the autoplay mode

-the slider allows moving quickly between rounds
</p>

## Build instructions

This is a Qt Application, so compiling will need both <tt>qmake</tt> and <tt>make</tt>. A release will not be out soon, but a web page that does pretty much the same as this app is!. If you do not want to fight with Qt and building this, you can use the [web viewer](https://github.com/Javier0003/domains-web-viewer) made by [Javier0003](https://github.com/Javier0003) and I. There is directly a page too: https://domains-web-viewer.netlify.app/, but don't hesitate on using the code in the repo should it not work properly.
